feat(replay): Update docs for starting/resuming recording (#6096)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/configuration.mdx

## Start and Stop Recording

> Replay recording starts automatically when it's included in the `integrations` key when calling `Sentry.init()` or when adding it via `addIntegration()`. Call `stop()` to stop recording and `start()` to resume recording:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replay recording starts automatically if it's included in the `integrations` key when calling `Sentry.init()` or added via `addIntegration()`. To stop recording, call `stop()`; to resume, call `start()`:
```

Reviewer 2: super-l: In addition to Liza's suggestion, let's maybe replace key with array? 

```suggestion
Replay recording starts automatically if it's included in the `integrations` array when calling `Sentry.init()` or added via `addIntegration()`. To stop recording, call `stop()`; to resume, call `start()`:

```javascript {tabTitle: ESM}
const replay = new Replay();

// Load replay when you configure Sentry SDK
Sentry.init({
  integrations: [replay]
});

// Or if you want to defer loading Replay
getCurrentHub().getClient().addIntegration(replay);

> // some time later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// sometime later
```

replay.stop();
replay.start();
```

```javascript {tabTitle: CDN}
const replay = new Sentry.Integrations.Replay();

// Load replay when you configure Sentry SDK
Sentry.init({
  integrations: [replay]
});

// Or if you want to defer loading Replay
Sentry.getCurrentHub().getClient().addIntegration(replay);

> // some time later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// sometime later
```
